ight holder or
other authorized party saying it may be distributed under the terms of
this Lesser General Public License (also called "this License").
Each licensee is addressed as "you".

  A "library" means a collection of software functions and/or data
prepared so as to be conveniently linked with application programs
(which use some of those functions and data) to form executables.

  The "Library", below, refers to any such software library or work
which has been distributed under these terms.  A "work based on the
Library" means either the Library or any derivative work under
copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the Library or a
portion of it, either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated
straightforwardly into another language.  (Hereinafter, translation is
included without limitation in the term "modification".)

  "Source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work for
making modifications to it.  For a library, complete source code means
all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated
interface definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation
and installation of the library.

  Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not
covered by this License; they are outside its scope.  The act of
running a program using the Library is not restricted, and output from
such a program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based
on the Library (independent of the use of the Library in a tool for
writing it).  Whether that is true depends on what the Library does
and what the program that uses the Library does.

  1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Library's
complete source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that
you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an
appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact
all the notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any
warranty; and distribute a copy of this License along with the
Library.

  You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy,
and you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a
fee.
